this is how you start your new lighting
retrofit project provide a project name
and select a project type you can also
customize the project's hours of
operations
it's energy rates control rebates and
labor rates
now take this app with you on your
lighting audit and let it guide you to
record critical lighting and lighting
control information provide room names
and select a ruler type now start adding
lighting information into the room
provide fixture quantities and select a
fixture type if you have rooms of the
same type simply tap on hold on to the
room and this is how you duplicate once
you're ready tap on the solution button
to refine your solution here is a
project summary you can also go into
each room and customize a solution and
here are your lighting controls
recommendations you can also tap onto
each fixture and provide a fixture
upgrade once you satisfied with the
project's costs energy savings and
return on investment tap on the proposal
button to get a customized proposal
and a bill material
finally tap on the share button to send
this proposal to you and your clients
Lutron energy adviser lighting energy
retrofits have never been this